License Information for TADS 3 for Windows
------------------------------------------

TADS 3 for Windows
Copyright (c) 1997, 2013 by Michael J. Roberts.

This software is a copyrighted work, which means that the copyright
laws of the United States and other countries prohibit anyone from
copying or distributing it without the express written permission of
its author.  The author hereby grants anyone permission to use, copy,
and distribute this software, without charge, subject to the following
conditions:

- You may not remove any copyright notices from the software or any
accompanying files.

- You may not resell this software for profit, except that you may
include the TADS 3 run-time executable with a game that you developed
with TADS 3 and which you sell for profit.  (In other words, we don't
want you to make a profit at our expense by selling TADS itself, but
we want TADS game developers to be able to share or sell their games,
which necessarily include the TADS run-time, in any way they please.)

- Any copies you share with others must be complete and unmodified
from the original copies you received, and you must include this
license and the copyright notice with all copies.

- Anyone to whom you give a copy of this software receives all of the
same permissions that you did under this License.

Any games you create with TADS 3 are entirely your own to do with as
you please.

If you have any questions about this license, please contact the
author at the email address listed later in this file.


NO WARRANTY
-----------

Because this software is provided without charge, you assume the
entire responsibility for determining whether it fits your needs, and
you assume all risks related to your use of the software.

This software is provided "as is," with no warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  In no event
shall the author or any other contributor to or distributor of this
software be held liable for any damages, including without limitation
direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages,
arising out of the use or inability to use this software, even if any
of these parties has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

The information contained in this software is subject to change
without notice and should not be construed as a commitment by the
author.


Contacting the Author
---------------------

For contact information, please visit www.tads.org.


LIBRARY LICENSE
---------------

The TADS 3 distribution includes the standard adventure library, a
set of TADS source code (files whose names end in ".t", plus header
files, whose names end in ".h", that the .t files include) defining
the world model, parser, and so on.  You may use and redistribute the
library source code, and you may modify the library code and create
derived works based on the library, subject to the condition that you
include the original copyright notice on each original or modified
file that you redistribute in source form.  You may add your own
copyright notice as well to cover the changes you make.

If you create a new work based on the library, or you so extensively
modify the library that you create a predominately new work, you must
still include the original copyright notice, but you may make the
original copyright notice secondary to your own and you may modify
the original notice to indicate that your work is "based on the TADS
3 library."  For example, you might change the copyright notice to
read:

   My Extended Library, copyright 2008 by John Q. Author
   Based on the TADS 3 Library, copyright 1997, 2012 by Michael J. Roberts.

A "new work based on the library" is one that incorporates non-trivial
source code from the library.  For example, if you copy entire class
or function definitions from the library into your own code, your work
would be based on the library code, even if you made some
modifications to the copied definitions.  On the other hand, if you
design new classes and functions that extend or interoperate with the
library's code, but using new code you write from scratch, this would
not count as a new work based on the library.  The test is simply
whether you wrote the source code yourself, or started by copying (and
then possibly modifying) source code from the library.

If you use the library (or a modified version of the library) to
create a game, and you distribute your game only in compiled form (as
a ".t3" file), you are NOT required to mention the library copyright
anywhere, but you are certainly welcome to mention us in your game's
credits if you'd like.


THIRD-PARTY CODE NOTICES
------------------------

This software incorporates several third-party libraries, which are
open-source or freeware products copyrighted by their respective
authors and subject to their own separate license terms.  The
following credits and notices are included in accordance with the
terms of the various third-party licenses.

                                   ...

Portions of this software are based on the work of the Independent
JPEG Group.

                                   ...

This software incorporates the PNG Reference Library, developed by
Andreas Eric Dilger, Guy Eric Schalnat, and other Contributing
Authors.

                                   ...

This software includes the ZLIB Compression Library, written by
Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler.

                                   ...

This software incorporates libmng, the reference MNG library,
written by Gerard Juyn.

                                   ...

This software includes portions of the amp MPEG audio decoder,
copyright 1996, 1997 by Tomislav Uzelac.

                                   ...

This software includes the libvorbis Ogg Vorbis decoder.  The
following notice is reproduced in accordance with the libvorbis
copyright notice:

        Copyright (c) 2001, Xiphophorus

        Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
        without modification, are permitted provided that the
        following conditions are met:

        - Redistributions of source code must retain the above
        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
        disclaimer.

        - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
        disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
        provided with the distribution.

        - Neither the name of the Xiphophorus nor the names of its
        contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
        derived from this software without specific prior written
        permission.

        THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
        CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
        WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
        WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR
        CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
        SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
        NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
        LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
        HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
        CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
        OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
        SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

                                   ...

This software incorporates Dr Brian Gladman's Secure Hash Algorithm 2
library.  The following notice is reproduced per the library license terms:

        Copyright (c) 2002, Dr Brian Gladman <brg@gladman.me.uk>,
        Worcester, UK.  All rights reserved.

        LICENSE TERMS

        The free distribution and use of this software in both
        source and binary form is allowed (with or without changes)
        provided that:

        1. distributions of this source code include the above
           copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
           disclaimer;

        2. distributions in binary form include the above copyright
           notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
           in the documentation and/or other associated materials;

        3. the copyright holder's name is not used to endorse products 
           built using this software without specific written permission. 

        ALTERNATIVELY, provided that this notice is retained in
        full, this product may be distributed under the terms of the
        GNU General Public License (GPL), in which case the
        provisions of the GPL apply INSTEAD OF those given above.

        DISCLAIMER

        This software is provided 'as is' with no explicit or
        implied warranties in respect of its properties, including,
        but not limited to, correctness and/or fitness for purpose.